add documentation for preview version support (#724)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.0/docs/canton/usermanual/FAQ.rst

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/community/app/src/test/resources/documentation-snippets/dev-version-support.conf

> How do I enable preview features?
> -------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do I enable preview features?
---------------------------------
```

> For early access to new features, enable preview version support.

Reviewer 2: I would expand a bit here. We need to say at least:

- That a preview protocol version is a protocol version that allows to use features that have initial availability.
- That we offer support for IA features only if there is an agreement for that. So basically, a customer using Daml enterprise can get support for IA features only if we agreed with them to support this use case in prod.

> To get early access to new features, you can enable the preview version support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For early access to new features, enable preview version support.
```

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/community/app/src/test/resources/documentation-snippets/dev-version-support.conf

How do I enable preview features?
---------------------------------

> For early access to new features, enable preview version support. A preview protocol version allows the use of features with initial availability.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For early access to new features, you need to enable preview version support. A preview protocol version allows the use of features with initial availability.
```
?

Reviewer 3: Also, isn't preview more general than just the protocol version?

> Note that we offer support for IA features only under specific agreements. Customers using Daml Enterprise can receive support for IA features

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that we offer support for IA features only under explicit agreements. Customers using Daml Enterprise can receive support for IA features
```
I think explicit is the right word here, though admittably it's repeated in the next sentence.

> Note that we offer support for IA features only under explicit agreements. Customers using Daml Enterprise can receive support for IA features

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Note that IA features are not generally supported. Customers using Daml Enterprise may be able to get commercial support for IA features
```

> only if we have explicitly agreed to support this use case in production.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
by explicit agreement with Digital Asset. Please contact your relationship manager to discuss any such arrangement.
```

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/community/app/src/test/resources/documentation-snippets/dev-version-support.conf

.. _how-do-i-enable-preview-features:

> How do I enable preview features?

Reviewer 5: Can we change the customer visible term from "preview" to "Beta" or "Initial Access"?  I don't want to add another term unless absolutely necessary.  I do believe that "Beta" or "Initial Access" is the right term based on the [2024-4 Product Delivery Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16nJHy_Efpd4ivsSsYcWpS4UeddjUUOVneuId-3AjiiI/edit#heading=h.tw9km21kaef4).

---------------------------------

> For early access to new features, you need to enable preview version support. A preview protocol version allows the use of features with initial availability.

Reviewer 5: I have an alternate text below which is trying to entice customers to try out the Beta features.
 
 ----------
 
Yu need to enable "Beta" support for an Initial Access (IA) feature. For example, enabling a beta protocol version.
  
IA features are fully supported but are available only for Daml Enterprise customers and they also require prior DA approval.  Please contact your relationship manager or DA support if you are interested in using an IA feature. 

If you have enabled `dev version support`, you can use the Beta protocol versions without any additional configuration.
